This is the Dragon Emperor's Sword bestowed by the Sage Monarch of Hua Kingdom
The Dragon Sovereign has ordered a saint to come in person
World visit
You can execute injustices in the world at will
Can hold this order to administer justice
Have the right to kill first and then play
Even if Ye Zhen comes today
You have to kneel and listen to me
No, your Dragon Emperor must be fake
Since the Patriarch
Only for the officials of Long Yinwei
Ban Hua once had a Dragon Emperor Order
Jinchen, how did you buy this talisman?
Jinchen forging the Dragon Emperor Order is a capital offense
It's to catch Kowloon
What if I told you
I am the god of war
This is the funniest joke I've ever heard
You are the god of war
I am the queen
You rubbish
It's not good to check before cheating
God of War retired a year ago
You rubbish
How dare you take out a broken brand
Impersonating the Dragon Emperor Order
Damaging the Dragon Emperor Order commits the crime of attack
You thought I was scared
My sister will be here soon.
Even if the night really comes today, I can't save you